Hans let's start with the result that is a letdown
and pops up to six times becoming a competitor
two students between two men
the shed four points away from such home on and
actually we had
because also ski masks to lose that was maybe start at the beginning
is a racing driver someone is doing
at that time a very efficient Zulu Waregem on it was the first chance
I think it's wonderful
numerous can sing things totti school
He ventures is a sacrifice and in the end it all had a pot of it
chances are talent and nickel turn beam on a number of times Libya is right
and next to the car park we are going to be able to train they call a basement valdes
see that in old very interesting for the rest
but then again I think the second half showed yen we dominate
vanden borre puts pauwervoll falls
very unfortunate and surrounds in 2000 based on how good or lose weight
because then to combine two steel sacrifices and
all this falls periodically
keep that
that excessive bonuses that immediately
maybe you can do more than a month, but after the march it was now made clear
that it
offside was the case 6 that fits takes rest rest kema sven totally whole
was clear
and such things I think I should see the countries go the third party more
manure follow h
we are not going to sneak everything on the referee it was not his best day
three times
no I don't think anyone will have a bad day, but I can
so players
van mol should not comment on that well so stand up with both feet
the ground
a match lost second match in a row
but of course not in the least opponents on the community
opponents came then also should be able to get the plan
yes sinan bolat at the warm climate move this weeks give up for me
look forward to seeing the two very soon experience more than we have so far
first time nothing unless so decreased
Before the race for the win, Nun played safely under the three points and
the golden album you think this will creep into the players' heads
just no i don't think so
gays play a role to go outside what has happened from langemark on
the reboot castricum land
power room last week
of course we should not give up the belief in that play off
not at all it also good football
venlo can return to congo to get the score that fit fit test ban
Matute of the pan more put on after an hour of martine being irresistible
if you got it last week
it was an open game here very quiet in the dressing room
the coming 8 there go at that time yes then all of course everyone is disappointed
want to turn the western around
that we become indians great that strong at that moment everyone is entitled
to light and then
we can hear hattem and see what profoto have from lars
bastian next week then last week on both we tackle those three
points
I also think so on the roof
that johans